All right, so in this video, we're going to start to build our main screens of our API and we're going
to start with a with the My Post screen.
The reason for that is if we start with the feed screen, we need to have some posts in the backend
API so that we can have something to display and the same for the search screen.
We need to search through something.
OK, we don't have that at the moment.
So I think it's the best is the best idea to start with a my post screen that will allow us to create
new posts eventually and to edit our user information.
OK.
But for now in this video, we're just going to focus on the UI side of things.
So I have here my post screen, and I'm just going to remove everything for now, and we will add this
later on.
So now let's go ahead and connect to our review model and retrieve a couple of elements that we will
need.
So first of all, I'm going to say Val user data is going to be VMM Dot user data dot value, and I
will also need the spinner.
OK, so I'm going to say Val is loading by spin or I mean the the flag that tells me if it's in progress
or not so that I can display the spinning val is loading equals.
VM in-progress dot value.
All right, so let's go ahead and create a column.
The reason I have this column is because I want to be able to display the spinner on top of whatever
else will be there on the screen.
So inside I'm going to have another column that will have a modifier dot weight of one s.
So as you can imagine, this column will contain most of the UI and at the bottom we will have the navigation.
So that's why we are taking up one f as a weight.
So taking up the as much screen as we can, but leaving room for the bottom navigation.
So here I will have a bottom navigation menu with bottom navigation item dot posts.
So that is the selected item and the nav controller.
OK, so I have my bottom navigation.
Let's go ahead and build our UI.
So first of all, I will have a row at the top that will contain my profile image, and it will tell
me some information about the current user.
So how many posts they have created, how many followers and followings there are?
So I'm going to say Row, OK, inside I will have a profile image and here I will create this composable.
Let's do that now, actually.
So down below here, I'm going to have composable.
And this is going to be fun.
Profile image and the profile image will need a image you are of type string, okay?
And an interaction we want to extract or hoist that state.
So we're going to have an on click.
Which is going to be a lander.
OK, so we're not going to implement this now, we just want to define it so that we can have it here.
OK, so that we can display it here.
All right.
So here I will have my profile image URL.
So I'm going to say user data dot.
I think it's a question mark dot image URL because that can be no.
And we're going to have an on click OK.
We're going to fill that in later on.
But for now, we're going to add also a text.
The text is going to be something like 15 posts.
OK, let me add a splash in here so that it displays on two lines.
OK, 15 posts.
I'm going to have a modifier modifier dot weight of one if.
And not a line alignment.
Dart center vertically.
OK, so I have my post, but I also want to add an alignment,
a line text the line, that's it.
Text align center.
Sorry, text align center.
OK.
So basically this aligns the text in the row, and this aligns the text itself.
So we want to be kind of in the middle of the composable of the text composable, right?
So this puts the composable in the center of the row and this puts the text in the center of this element.
Hopefully, that is clear.
All right.
So we're going to have two more of these because we want posts, followers and following.
So I'm going to copy this twice.
For the second, I'm going to say followers, so let's say 54 slash and followers.
And for this one, ninety three and following.
OK, so the people that are following this user.
OK, so we have the top row.
OK.
So after that, we will add some information about the user, so we want to display the username.
We want to maybe display the name of the user and the bio.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to add a column.
OK, with a modifier.
Dot padding of eight dpi.
OK, import, that now valid username display is going to be.
Now, if we have a username, if user data question my thoughts username.
If that is no, then we display nothing else.
We want to display an at sign before our user name, so at dollar curly braces user data.
Question Mark.
Username.
OK, so we simply want to add an ad if we do have a username here.
OK, so with that, we're going to add a text and the text is going to be user data.
The question or thought name?
OK.
Or since this can be no or empty street.
And importantly, I want to add a font weight here font weight dot bold.
So I want the name to be in bold and the user name in regular text.
Then we're going to display a text with user name display.
OK, and another text with the bio, so we're going to say VM Dot, sorry, user data.
Question Mark thought bio.
And then Elvis operator, empty string, if that is no.
OK, so we have our column for the user information.
Next up, we want to display a button that will send us to the profile page where we can edit the information.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to add here and outlined button.
OK, now for the UN click, we're not going to implement it at the moment, so then you remove it to
do because it will just crash our application if we click it.
So we're going to leave that on, click for now and we're going to add a modifier here.
Modifier equals modifier dot padding is going to be eight dpi.
And we're going to add Phil Max width.
OK, so that's my modifier.
Next up, I want to add some colors is going to be button defaults.
Dot button colors.
And here I will have a background color of color that's transparent.
All right.
So I want to have the transparent color.
Now I would like to set the elevation is going to be button defaults, dot elevation.
And here I will have default elevation of zero dpi.
I will have pressed elevation zero dpi.
And also disabled elevation zero dpi, so I want to make sure that I get no elevation on my button.
And then finally, I'm going to have the shape is going to be rounded corner shape with 10 as the parameters.
So I want corners to be rounded slightly.
OK, and inside here, I'm going to have a text that says, edit profile.
OK, let me add a color equals color dot black.
OK, so we have our we have our button outline button that will eventually send us to the edit profile
page, and here I will, and I would like to add a column for the post.
We don't have any posts at the moment, but I just want to display that, that column, that information
where we will eventually have some posts.
So instead of column, I'm going to have a modifier.
Modifier dot weight is going to be one F, and then here I'm just going to have a text that says Post's
list.
OK, so a column that takes up the rest of the space in that screen.
So I think that is all we haven't implemented the profile image yet.
We will do that in the next video.
But for now, if we run this, we should be able to see kind of a nice outline for our for our UI.
Let's have a look.
OK.
Moving to my posts.
OK, so this is looking OK.
Basically, we don't have too much information to fill out here.
We haven't posted anything.
We haven't created anything for the image.
So that's why there's no image that appears here.
We will do that in the next video, but here we have our posts, followers and following which we will
fill out later on.
Here we have some information for our users.
So the username, we don't have a name or a bio yet, but we have the edit profile and the profile and
the post list.
If I go to the backend Firebase API and I fill out some information here for John, let's say the name.
The name is going to be a strange journey.
And then let's say the bio is also going to be a string.
This is the IG account of Johnny.
OK, so update that.
Now let's go ahead and run the application again.
And this time we should get some more information displayed.
I'll say.
There we go, so we have Johnny as the name at John and the bio displayed here.
This button, of course, doesn't do anything.
For now, we will implement that later and in the next video, we want to implement the image for the
user.
OK, we will do that next.